NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D's."
I HAVE SOMETHING
THE LITTLE GIRL
MIGHT BE LOOKING FOR.
OH, THAT'S ANCIENT
FAIRY DRAGON!
LET US MEET TOMORROW, AT
THE FOUR STARS OF DESTINY.
THE END WILL BE
DECIDED THERE.
♪
KURIBON, WHAT'S WRONG?
[CHIRPS]
SOMETHING BAD'S HAPPENING IN
THE SPIRIT WORLD, ISN'T IT?
BE RIGHT THERE.
THIS MUST BE THE CONTROL UNIT
THING MINA WAS TALKING ABOUT.
HEY, DARK SIGNER MONKEY
GUY, ARE YOU IN THERE?
I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR YOU, SIGNER.
♪
WHO ARE YOU?
YOU'RE NOT A SIGNER,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I'M HERE TO DUEL YOU!
WHERE'S THE LITTLE GIRL?
I TOLD HER TO COME.
I MAY NOT BE A SIGNER,
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN
THAT I CAN'T ROCK A DECK.
I CAN'T BELIEVE I'M IN THE
DUEL MONSTER SPIRIT WORLD AGAIN!
I HAVE TO KEEP MY PROMISE
AND FREE ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON!
MY SERVANT REGULUS STRUGGLES
DEEP IN THE SHADOWS.
FREE HIM FROM HIS CURSE.
THE TWO OF YOU CAN
COMBINE YOUR POWERS
AND BREAK THE SEAL
BINDING ME TO THIS ROCK.
WITH THE FOREST
WITHERING AWAY,
KING REGULUS WENT MAD!
HEY, KING REGULUS,
WE NEED YOU!
STOP, UH, AAH!
♪
UM, HI?
[ROARS]
COME FORTH,
ZEMAN THE APE KING!
♪
GOOD LUCK USING
ANY SPELLS OR TRAPS,
SINCE THE STRENGTH OF THIS
KING OVERRULES ALL THEIR POWERS!
I PLAY THE FIELD
SPELL CLOSED FOREST!
NOW DEVACK'S GOT
EVERYTHING HE NEEDS TO SUMMON
ONE OF THOSE EARTHBOUND
IMMORTALS AGAINST LEO!
AH!
♪
♪ GOING FAST MAKES
ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN
WIN, ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR
YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR
YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS
ITSELF INTO OUR LIVES ♪
♪
DEVACK ACTIVATED
A FIELD SPELL!
HE'S DONE EVERYTHING HE NEEDS TO
SUMMON AN EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL.
NOT THAT!
BY CHANNELING
THE DARK POWER
OF THE CLOSED
FOREST FIELD SPELL,
ZEMAN THE APE KING WILL
GAIN 100 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EVERY MONSTER
IN MY GRAVEYARD.
AND SINCE I HAVE FIVE
MONSTERS ALREADY THERE...
♪
ZEMAN THE APE KING
GAINS 500 ATTACK POINTS.
I DON'T SUPPOSE A
BANANA WOULD SOLVE THIS?
♪
[GROWLING]
OH MAN, REGULUS SURE
DOESN'T LOOK HAPPY
TO SEE THE TWO
OF US HERE.
EVERYTHING'S OKAY.
WE'RE NOT HERE TO HURT
YOU, DON'T BE SCARED.
[ROARS]
AH, I'M SCARED!
KNOCK IT OFF, LION!
THIS IS THE HUMAN
CHILD OF LEGEND.
SHE COMES TO OUR
WORLD TO AID YOU
IN YOUR QUEST TO RESCUE
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON.
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
IT'S TRUE.
I CAME HERE
TO HELP YOU.
[SCREAMING]
HE DOESN'T
BELIEVE US.
YOU GOT ANY
OTHER IDEAS?
I'M NOT WITH THE BAD GUYS.
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON
TOLD ME TO FIND YOU.
I'M HERE TO PROTECT
THE SPIRIT WORLD.
JUST AS I THOUGHT!
WELL, THEN,
LITTLE SPAWN OF EVIL,
IF IT'S A FIGHT YOU WANT,
IT'S A FIGHT YOU'LL
GET, COME AT ME!
GET THE HAIR
OUT OF YOUR EARS,
SHE SAID, "FIND YOU,"
NOT, "FIGHT YOU."
TORUNKA!
CHECK OUT HIS BACK ANKLE!
LOOKS LIKE A MINIATURE VERSION
OF THOSE MINUS STAFFS THAT
CAUSE EVERYTHING
TO GO IN REVERSE.
IS IT POSSIBLE THAT
IT MAKES HIM HEAR
THE EXACT OPPOSITE
OF EVERYTHING WE SAY?
OH, OF COURSE!
I SHOULDA KNOWN, THIS STUPID
CURSE HAS MADE ME STUPID!
THE SPIRIT WORLD
WILL NEVER BE YOURS.
I'M GOING TO
STOP ALL OF YOU!
I'M HERE TO HELP YOU!
I AM NOT YOUR ENEMY, REGULUS.
GRR.
I'M HERE TO HURT YOU!
I AM YOUR SWORN
ENEMY, REGULUS!
AH!
[SCREAMING]
DON'T YOU HAVE
MAGIC POWERS?
CAN'T YOU WAVE A WAND OR
SOMETHING AND FIX THIS?
I FORGOT ALL OF MY SPELLS
WHEN I TURNED INTO A KID!
OH, GREAT.
WAIT, I'VE GOT IT,
I GOT AN IDEA!
IF HE HEARS THE
OPPOSITE OF WHAT WE SAY,
THEN WE SHOULD SAY THE
OPPOSITE OF WHAT WE MEAN!
LIKE THIS!
YOU ARE THE WORST
LION OF ALL TIME!
YOU SMELL LIKE A WET RAT AND
MY HOUSECAT COULD TAKE YOU ON!
BLAH!
AH!
DO YOU SERIOUSLY
THINK THAT FLATTERY
WILL STOP ME FROM
DESTROYING YOU?
HEY IT WORKED.
MAYBE SO, BUT HE'S
STILL ATTACKING US.
♪
[THINKING] IF ONLY THERE
WAS SOME WAY TO NEUTRALIZE
THE EFFECT OF THAT ANKLET.
♪
SOMETHING IS COMING.
THERE HE IS, OVER THERE!
GET HIM!
♪
MORE MONKEY BUSINESS?
YOU WON'T GET
AWAY THIS TIME.
THAT'S RIGHT, WE'RE
TAKING YOU TO KING ZEMAN!
NOT WITHOUT A FIGHT!
[ROARS]
♪
FEEL THE POWER
OF MY MINUS STAFF!
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING, YOU FOOL?
HE'S ALREADY GOT
A MINUS STAFF
ATTACHED TO
HIS LEG, LOOK!
OH YEAH.
AND IF THE POWER OF THIS
STAFF TOUCHES THAT ONE,
IT'LL CREATE
POSITIVE ENERGY
NEUTRALIZING
HIS MINUS CURSE.
[ROARING]
♪
AFTER HIM, GO!
DID YOU HEAR WHAT
THAT MONKEY SAID?!
IF WE GET THAT
MINUS STAFF FROM HIM
WE'LL BE ABLE TO FREE
REGULUS FROM HIS CURSE!
NOW COME ON!
LUNA, WAIT UP!
♪
WE LOST HIM.
HE'S GOTTA BE CLOSE.
LET'S SPLIT
UP AND SEARCH!
[SQUAWKS]
[CHATTERING]
♪
Luna: HEY, BANANA BRAIN!
NYA-NYA, CATCH ME
IF YOU CAN, MONKEY!
YOU'RE THAT
GIRL WHO ESCAPED.
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING OUT HERE?
TORUNKA, NOW!
RIGHT!
HERE IT GOES.
AH!
♪
ALL RIGHT WE GOT IT!
LET'S FIND REGULUS!
♪
I THINK I SHOOK THEM.
HUH?
REGULUS, KEEP RUNNING!
♪
REMEMBER, TO KEEP
SAYING THE OPPOSITE.
I'M ONE OF THE BAD GUYS
AND I'M HERE TO MAKE SURE
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON
STAYS TRAPPED
UNDER ZEMAN'S
POWER FOREVER.
I'M NOT FALLING FOR
YOUR EVIL TRICKERY.
I ONLY WANNA
DESTROY YOU.
I'M ONE OF THE
GOOD GUYS, REGULUS,
AND I'M HERE TO HELP YOU
FREE ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON
FROM ZEMAN'S POWER.
LIES!
[ROARS]
NOW!
♪
I SURE HOPE THIS WORKS.
OTHERWISE WE'RE
GONNA BE CAT FOOD!
[SCREAMING]
♪
LET'S BATTLE!
ZEMAN THE APE KING, DISMANTLE
THAT POWER TOOL DRAGON!
GO CURSED FLARE!
I GOT A LITTLE
SURPRISE FOR YOU!
BY SENDING BREAK DRAW
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
MY DRAGON CAN
AVOID YOUR ATTACK.
MAYBE SO, BUT YOUR LIFE
POINTS ARE ANOTHER STORY.
AH, HUH?
♪
WOAH, POWER TOOL DRAGON
IS SHIELDING ME
FROM DEVACK'S DARK ENERGY.
HE'S TOTALLY
PROTECTING ME.
THAT WAS CLOSE.
AW, MAN, I WISH
MY SISTER WAS HERE.
LUNA!
[SCREAMING]
-LUNA!
-TORUNKA!
THIS WASN'T THE PLAN!
Leo: LUNA!
HUH, THAT--THAT
SOUNDED LIKE LEO.
REGULUS, REGULUS!
HUH?
SHE BEARS THE MARK OF A SIGNER!
WATERFALL,
STRAIGHT AHEAD!
REGULUS, HELP!
♪
[SCREAMING]
GOING UP!
♪
I THOUGHT WE
WERE DONE FOR.
REGULUS, ARE YOU OKAY?
I AM NOW THANKS TO YOU.
THAT ANKLET HAD
ME ALL CONFUSED
BUT DEEP DOWN I
KNEW YOU WOULD COME.
SO YOU LIKE KNEW
I WAS COMING HERE
TO THE SPIRIT WORLD?
I HAVE BEEN
WAITING FOR YOU.
FAIRY DRAGON SAID YOU
WOULD COME TO MY AID,
BUT I WAS STARTING TO DOUBT IT.
WELL, HERE I AM!
LEO!
STAY STRONG, KID!
HEY, BIG GUY,
YOU OKAY?
[HISSES]
Devack: YOUR MONSTERS CAN'T
PROTECT YOU FOREVER, BOY.
AND THESE TWO FACEDOWNS ARE
GOING TO PROVE IT TO YOU.
WELL GOOD LUCK
WITH THAT!
IT'S MY TURN,
AND I DRAW!
♪
[THINKING] I'VE GOTTA
FIND A WAY TO TAKE
ZEMAN THE APE KING DOWN.
I ACTIVATE MY DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
NOW I MOVE A RANDOM EQUIP
SPELL FROM MY DECK TO MY HAND.
[THINKING]
COME ON, PLEASE!
♪
MEGAMORPH,
ALL RIGHT!
I'M EQUIPPING POWER TOOL DRAGON
WITH THIS SPELL CARD, CHECK IT!
Computer: MEGAMORPH
IS A SPELL CARD
THAT DOUBLES THE ATTACK
POINTS OF YOUR MONSTER
WHEN YOU HAVE LESS LIFE
POINTS THAN YOUR OPPONENT.
THIS BAD BOY'S ABOUT
TO DOUBLE YOUR TROUBLE!
HUH, THAT'S WEIRD.
ITS ATTACK POINTS
STAYED THE SAME.
WHAT GIVES?
Devack: LITTLE FOOL!
YOU'RE TRYING TO WIN WITH
CARDS YOU CAN'T COMPREHEND.
YOUR FEEBLE ATTEMPT
TO OUTDUEL ME IS OVER.
WITH OUR LIFE POINTS EVEN,
THE EFFECT OF YOUR
MEGAMORPH WON'T WORK.
YOU GOTTA BE
KIDDING ME!
THAT CARD USUALLY TURNS
THE TABLES WHEN IT WORKS!
THAT'S, LIKE, MY BEST
CARD, NOW WHAT DO I DO?
YOU LOSE.
LIKE I TOLD YOU,
A NORMAL PERSON LIKE YOU
COULD NEVER DEFEAT
A DARK SIGNER LIKE ME.
Yusei: LEO,
JUST STAY COOL.
YOU'VE GOT ALL KINDS OF
GREAT CARDS IN YOUR DECK,
BUT IF YOU PANIC AND STOP
BELIEVING IN YOUR CARDS,
THEY WON'T BE
ABLE TO HELP YOU.
YOU GOTTA STAY
STRONG, LEO,
YOU HAVE TO BELIEVE.
THAT'S WHAT
DUELING'S ABOUT.
BELIEVING IN YOUR CARDS
IS THE SAME THING
AS BELIEVING
IN YOURSELF.
I KNOW, BUT...
UGH!
[THINKING]
WAIT... YUSEI'S RIGHT.
THE ONLY WAY I
CAN WIN THIS DUEL
IS IF I TRUST
MYSELF AND MY DECK!
I SWITCH POWER TOOL
DRAGON TO DEFENSE MODE
AND END MY TURN.
FOOL, ONE CANNOT
WIN A SHADOW DUEL,
IF ONE CANNOT ATTACK.
YOU'VE PLAYED
RIGHT INTO MY HANDS.
♪
Luna: SO WHEN I WAS
BACK IN MY WORLD,
YOU WERE THE ONE I HEARD
CALLING OUT TO ME?
YES. ANCIENT FAIRY
DRAGON TOLD ME
THAT YOU WOULD COME
HERE AND FIND ME.
AND THOUGH I HAVE BEEN
STRUGGLING TO BATTLE
THE APE KING'S MINIONS,
I'VE ALSO BEEN USING
WHAT MAGIC I HAVE LEFT
TO TRY AND GUIDE YOU TO ME.
PLEASE FORGIVE ME, CHILD.
I WAS CONFUSED BY THE
APE KING'S MINUS CURSE.
WHEN YOU FOUND ME, I
THOUGHT YOU MEANT HARM.
YEAH, WE KNOW.
WE THOUGHT YOU WERE
GOING TO POUNCE ON US
AND GOBBLE US
UP FOR LUNCH.
DON'T BE LIKE THAT.
WE'VE GOT EVERYTHING SORTED
OUT, THAT'S ALL THAT MATTERS,
WE'RE ALL FRIENDS NOW.
STILL, I'M GLAD YA'
DIDN'T EAT US, REGULUS.
SO HOW DO WE GO
ABOUT RESCUING
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON?
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGONc WAS SEALED
IN THE ROCK MOUNTAIN AS PART
OF ZEMAN THE APE KING'S CURSE.
ALL WE HAVE TO DO IS
INVADE HIS CASTLE,
DEFEAT HIM IN
AN EPIC BATTLE,
AND BREAK THE POWER
OF HIS MINUS SPELL,
AND THEN THE SPIRIT WORLD
SHOULD RETURN TO NORMAL.
SIMPLE ENOUGH, RIGHT?
SURE!
YOU UP FOR THIS?
OF COURSE!
♪
HANG ON TIGHT,
WE MUST HURRY.
OH MY SCIATICA!
♪
LOYAL MINIONS OF MADNESS,
BOW BEFORE ME!
♪
OUR TIME IS ALMOST HERE!
SOON ALL THE DUEL SPIRITS
WILL BE OURS TO CONTROL!
♪
SKY AND LAND,
WIND AND RAIN,
EVEN YOU, SPIRIT OF TIME!
YOU NOW BELONG TO ME,
ZEMAN THE APE KING,
THE GREAT CONQUEROR!
EVERYTHING THAT ONCE WENT
FORWARD WILL NOW GO IN REVERSE!
YOUR WORLD WILL
CEASE TO BE!
♪
GRR.
IS SOMETHING WRONG?
UP THERE, LOOK AT THAT!
♪
THE SKY DOESN'T
LOOK RIGHT.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
OH!
IT'S A GIANT
MINUS STAFF!
NO WAY!
♪
ANYONE ELSE COLD
ALL OF A SUDDEN?
♪
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
ALL THE TREES
HAVE VANISHED.
♪
THIS WHOLE SITUATION
IS MOST DISTURBING.
IT WOULD SEEM AS
THOUGH THE APE KING
IS REVERSING THE
FLOW OF NATURE.
WE HAVE TO HURRY!
AT THIS RATE, THERE
WON'T BE ANYTHING LEFT
BUT DIRT AND ROCKS.
WAH!
THAT'S WEIRD.
THE CURSE HAS MADE
YOUR CLOTHES GET BIGGER.
NO, NO, THE CURSE
IS MAKING ME GET
YOUNGER AND SMALLER!
IT'S REVERSING
THE FLOW OF TIME.
SOON, I'LL BE
A BABY, THEN
POOF, NOTHING!
NO WAY.
WE DON'T HAVE
A MOMENT TO WASTE!
WHILE WE CAN STILL FIGHT,
WE HAVE TO DEFEAT ZEMAN!
LET'S GO, YOU TWO!
♪
OH MY SCIATICA!
[THINKING] LEO,
WHEREVER YOU ARE,
HELP ME.
HELP ME BATTLE
ZEMAN THE APE KING!
AH!
IT'S MY TURN.
AND I THINK I'LL
START THIS ROUND
BY ATTACKING POWER TOOL
DRAGON WITH MY APE KING!
GO CURSED FLARE!
BRING IT ON!
SINCE POWER TOOL DRAGON
IS IN DEFENSE MODE,
MY EQUIP SPELL
IS GONNA SAVE ME!
I'M AFRAID NOT.
NOT AFTER I'VE ACTIVATED
THE ROARING EARTH TRAP!
WHEN A BEAST MONSTER ATTACKS
A MONSTER IN DEFENSE MODE,
THIS CARD DEALS YOU
THE EXTRA DAMAGE.
♪
[SCREAMING]
BUT WAIT BY SENDING POWER
TOOL DRAGON'S EQUIP SPELL
TO THE GRAVEYARD, I CAN
NEGATE ITS DESTRUCTION.
HUH, WHAT'S GOING ON?
♪
POWER TOOL DRAGON IS
TAKING DAMAGE, BUT WHY?
WHEN THE ROARING EARTH
TRAP CARD IS IN PLAY,
IT WEAKENS ONE OF THE
MONSTERS ON YOUR FIELD,
ROBBING IT OF 300 ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS.
IT DOES WHAT?
NEXT I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
HOW PATHETIC.
JUST LIKE YOUR
RIDICULOUS MONSTER,
YOU LINGER BEFORE ME,
LOOKING DEFEATED
AND MISERABLE.
UGH, HUH?
[THINKING]
POWER TOOL DRAGON,
DESPITE EVERYTHING
THAT'S HAPPENING TO YOU,
YOU'VE STILL
GOT MY BACK.
♪
LISTEN UP, NO MATTER
WHAT YOU THROW AT ME,
I'M GOING TO PROTECT LUNA!
Yusei, thinking: I JUST
HOPE LEO CAN PROTECT HIMSELF
'CAUSE IF HE DOESN'T, BOTH
HE AND LUNA ARE DONE FOR!
♪
Luna: WOW, SO THAT'S
THE APE KING'S CASTLE?
Torunk: I LIKE WHAT
HE'S DONE WITH THE PLACE.
HE REALLY NAILED THE
GLOOMY-N-DOOMY MOTIF.
SEEMS LIKE IT'S
REALLY WELL GUARDED.
SO SHOULD WE TRY TO SNEAK IN
THROUGH A WINDOW OR SOMETHING?
NO, WE ONLY HAVE
ONE SHOT AT THIS,
WE CAN'T RISK
BEING CAPTURED.
SO THEN, UH...
WE STROLL UP
TO THE FRONT DOOR
AND WE LET THEM
KNOW WE'RE HERE.
-HUH?
Zeman: WHAT, REGULUS HAS
FINALLY BEEN CAPTURED?
OOH-OOH-AH-AH!
MOST EXCELLENT!
TELL WHICHEVER SOLDIER
THAT CAPTURED HIM
TO FEAST ON ALL THE BANANAS
HIS STOMACH CAN TAKE.
IT WASN'T ONE
OF THE SOLDIERS
THAT CAPTURED
HIM, MY KING.
SO THEN WHO WAS IT?
A WANDERING WIZARD
OF SOME SORT.
A WANDERING WIZARD?
SHOW HIM IN.
♪
THAT'S RIGHT, THAT'S
RIGHT, STAND ASIDE.
WE'RE HAULING
PRECIOUS CARGO HERE.
♪
GREAT AND POWERFUL
ZEMAN THE APE KING,
IT IS A TRUE HONOR TO
BE IN YOUR PRESENCE.
AND SPEAKING OF "PRESENTS",
WE BROUGHT YOU ONE.
YOU MAY RAISE YOUR HEADS.
♪
[THINKING]
THERE HE IS.
THIS IS IT.
[CHIRPING]
THAT SOUNDED LIKE... KURIBON!
[NEIGHING]
SUNLIGHT UNICORN!
HE'S GOT ALL THE
SPIRITS SEALED AWAY.
I AM TOLD THAT
YOU'RE A WIZARD
AND FROM THE LOOKS OF THINGS
A VERY YOUNG ONE AT THAT.
TRUE.
BUT WE'RE WISE
BEYOND OUR YEARS.
HOW IS IT THAT YOU WERE ABLE
TO CAPTURE THE MIGHTY REGULUS
WHEN HE HAS MANAGED TO BEST
AND EVADE MY ENTIRE ARMY?
WITH THE POWER
OF THIS STAFF.
HUH?
ICKY TICKY BO-RICKY EENIE MEENIE
MEENIE MINEY MO AWAKEN!
HMM?
[ROARING]
CALM DOWN!
♪
SO YOU HAVE CAST
A CONTROL SPELL
OVER THIS MIGHTY BEAST.
YOU GOT IT!
MY MASTER CAN USE
HER MAGIC STAFF
TO MAKE ANY SPIRIT
DO HER BIDDING!
I DON'T BELIEVE IT.
I'VE NEVER HEARD OF MAGIC THAT
CAN CONTROL SPIRITS LIKE THAT.
ARE YOU DOUBTING MY POWER?
PERHAPS I SHOULD USE MY
STAFF TO TURN YOUR SOLDIERS
INTO A BUNCH
OF BANANAS?
FORGIVE ME.
YOU'VE BROUGHT ME REGULUS,
THAT'S ALL THAT MATTERS.
NOW TO SEAL HIM
AWAY FOREVER.
♪
YOU CAN'T DO THAT, GREAT KING.
WHY NOT?
IF YOU TRY SEALING
HIM AWAY RIGHT NOW,
YOU'LL UNDO THE SPELL
I'M USING TO CONTROL HIM.
AND AS SOON AS
MY SPELL BREAKS,
HE'LL BECOME TOO
POWERFUL TO SUBDUE.
SO WHAT DO I DO WITH HIM?
LEAVE HIM IN THAT CAGE AND WATCH
HIM PERFORM TRICKS ALL DAY?
MY, UM, POWERS TELL ME THAT
YOUR TRUE GOAL IS TO BRING
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON COMPLETELY
UNDER THE MINUS CURSE SO
THAT YOU CAN ABSORB HER POWER.
AND WHAT IF
IT IS, WIZARD?
WELL REGULUS IS BOUND
TO ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON.
HE IS HER LOYAL SERVANT.
I KNOW THAT!
BUT I COULD NOT GET THE
MINUS CURSE TO WORK ON HER,
SO I SEALED HER TEMPORARILY
WITHIN THE GREAT MOUNTAIN.
NOW IF YOU KNOW SOMETHING
I DON'T, YOU BETTER TALK.
VERY WELL, GREAT KING.
BECAUSE OF THEIR BOND,
YOU CAN'T FULLY CAST
THE MINUS CURSE ON ONE
WITHOUT THE OTHER,
SO YOU'RE GOING TO
HAVE TO REMOVE THE SEAL
ON ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON
AND THEN ACT QUICKLY TO CURSE
THEM BOTH AT THE SAME TIME.
YOU'RE SERIOUSLY
SUGGESTING THAT
I REMOVE THE SEAL
AND SET HER FREE?
YES, I'M AFRAID
THERE'S NO OTHER WAY.
ERR.
♪
[WHIMPERS]
SO BE IT.
YOUNG WIZARD, I
WILL DO AS YOU ASK.
YES, HE BOUGHT IT!
SHH, DON'T BLOW THIS!
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON,
APPEAR BEFORE ME!
♪
AH!
[THINKING]
HANG ON, ANCIENT
FAIRY DRAGON.
WE'RE GONNA SAVE YOU.
OR GET PETRIFIED TRYING.
♪